## Day 5: Doesn't He Have Intern-Elves For This?

### Part 1

Santa needs help figuring out which strings in his text file are naughty or nice.

A `nice string` is one with all of the following properties:

- It contains at least three vowels (`aeiou` only), like `aei`, `xazegov`, or `aeiouaeiouaeiou`.
- It contains at least one letter that appears twice in a row, like `xx`, `abcdde` (`dd`), or `aabbccdd` (`aa`, `bb`,
  `cc`, or `dd`).
- It does `not` contain the strings `ab`, `cd`, `pq`, or `xy`, even if they are part of one of the other requirements.

For example:

- `ugknbfddgicrmopn` is nice because it has at least three vowels (`u...i...o...`), a double letter (`...dd...`), and
  none of the disallowed substrings.
- `aaa` is nice because it has at least three vowels and a double letter, even though the letters used by different
  rules overlap.
- `jchzalrnumimnmhp` is naughty because it has no double letter.
- `haegwjzuvuyypxyu` is naughty because it contains the string `xy`.
- `dvszwmarrgswjxmb` is naughty because it contains only one vowel.

How many strings are nice?

### Part 2

The next year, to speed up the process, Santa creates a robot version of himself, `Robo-Santa`, to deliver presents with
him.

Santa and Robo-Santa start at the same location (delivering two presents to the same starting house), then take turns
moving based on instructions from the elf, who is eggnoggedly reading from the same script as the previous year.

This year, how many houses receive `at least one` present?

For example:

`^v` delivers presents to `3` houses, because Santa goes north, and then Robo-Santa goes south.
`^>v<` now delivers presents to `3` houses, and Santa and Robo-Santa end up back where they started.
`^v^v^v^v^v` now delivers presents to `11` houses, with Santa going one direction and Robo-Santa going the other.

### Link

[https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/5](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/5)
